README.md, before:

# Electric Vehicle Charging Cost Calculator

This tool allows you to calculate the cost of charging sessions for an electric vehicle, using the Zaptec API (https://api.zaptec.com/help/index.html) to fetch charging session data and the (https://www.elprisetjustnu.se/elpris-api) API to fetch electricity costs for Sweden.

<p>Elpriser tillhandahålls av <a href="https://www.elprisetjustnu.se">Elpriset just nu.se</a></p>

## Installation

### Step 1: Setup the Environment
Create a conda/virtual environment and install the requirements:

```bash
conda create --prefix ./.conda python=3.10
conda activate ./.conda
```
Or use any other preferred method for creating a virtual environment.

### Step 2: Install Dependencies
Then install the necessary Python packages listed in the `requirements.txt`:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Binary Executable

You can also download `app.py` as a binary for Windows. Extract the zip file and run `app.exe` from the command line:

```bat
app.exe --from_date YYYY-MM-DD --to_date YYYY-MM-DD --price_area NO2 -output_file output.csv
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage
To extract the pricing of all charging sessions in a given time period, use the following command:

```bash
python app.py --from_date YYYY-MM-DD --to_date YYYY-MM-DD --price_area NO2 -output_file output.csv
```
Replace `YYYY-MM-DD` with the desired date range and `output.csv` with your desired output file name.

### Command Line Arguments

- `--from_date`: (Required) Start date (inclusive) in the format `YYYY-MM-DD`.
- `--to_date`: (Required) End date (exclusive) in the format `YYYY-MM-DD`.
- `--output_file`: (Required) Path to the output CSV file.
- `--secrets_file`: (Optional) Path to the secrets file. Default is "secrets.toml".
- `--username`: (Optional) Zaptech API username. Overrides secrets file.
- `--password`: (Optional) Zaptech API password. Overrides secrets file.
- `--price_area`: (Optional) Price area to use for electricity cost. Default is "NO2". Can be "N01" to "N5".
- `--low_net_usage_fee`: (Optional) Net usage fee for night time and weekends. Default is 0.2259 NOK/kWh.
- `--high_net_usage_fee`: (Optional) Net usage fee for day time. Default is 0.3059 NOK/kWh.

### Pricing areas

The following pricing areas can be used for the `--price_area` argument (NO for Norway, 1 - 5 for the different regions):

- `NO1`: Oslo / Øst-Norge
- `NO2`: Kristiansand / Sør-Norge
- `NO3`: Trondheim / Midt-Norge
- `NO4`: Tromsø / Nord-Norge
- `NO5`: Bergen / Vest-Norge

### Example
```bash
python app.py --from_date 2023-09-01 --to_date 2023-10-01 --price_area NO2 --output_file output.csv
```

#### Output
The output CSV file will contain the following columns:
```csv
SessionId,Timestamp,Energy,EnergyUsageFee,NetUsageFee,EnergyCost,NetUsageCost,TotalCostNoVat,TotalCostWithVAT,CostCurrency
7bf9fd8c-769c-4503-bf74-d6c0e32f6bac,2023-09-29 23:00:00+00:00,1.4949999999998909,0.00034,0.33772049999997533,0.000508299999999963,0.33772049999997533,0.3382287999999753,0.42278599999996913,NOK
7bf9fd8c-769c-4503-bf74-d6c0e32f6bac,2023-09-30 00:00:00+00:00,2.5270000000000437,0.00011,0.5708493000000099,0.0002779700000000048,0.5708493000000099,0.5711272700000098,0.7139090875000123,NOK
# etc.
```
To find the total cost of all charging sessions in the output file, sum the `TotalCostWithVAT` column.

## Authentication

The tool supports three methods for providing the Zaptech API username and password:

### Method 1: Environment Variables
Set your Zaptech API credentials as environment variables. Replace `your_username` and `your_password` with your actual credentials.
```bash
export ZAPTECH_USERNAME='your_username'
export ZAPTECH_PASSWORD='your_password'
```

### Method 2: Secrets File
Store your Zaptech API credentials in a secrets file (default is `secrets.toml`), formatted as follows:

```toml
[zaptech]
username = "your_username"
password = "your_password"
```
If your secrets file has a different name or is located in a different directory, use the `--secrets_file` argument to specify its path.

### Method 3: Command Line Arguments
Directly provide your Zaptech API credentials when running the script using `--username` and `--password` arguments:

```bash
python app.py --from_date 2023-09-01 --to_date 2023-10-01 --output_file output.csv --username your_username --password your_password
```

**Note:** If credentials are provided using multiple methods, the priority order is: 
1. Command Line Arguments
2. Secrets File
3. Environment Variables

Commit message:

Updated README.md to cover Sweden

README.md, after:

# Electric Vehicle Charging Cost Calculator

This tool allows you to calculate the cost of charging sessions for an electric vehicle, using the Zaptec API (https://api.zaptec.com/help/index.html) to fetch charging session data and the (https://www.elprisetjustnu.se/elpris-api) API to fetch electricity costs for Sweden.

<p>Elpriser tillhandahålls av <a href="https://www.elprisetjustnu.se">Elpriset just nu.se</a></p>

## Installation

### Step 1: Setup the Environment
Create a conda/virtual environment and install the requirements:

```bash
conda create --prefix ./.conda python=3.10
conda activate ./.conda
```
Or use any other preferred method for creating a virtual environment.

### Step 2: Install Dependencies
Then install the necessary Python packages listed in the `requirements.txt`:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Binary Executable

You can also download `app.py` as a binary for Windows. Extract the zip file and run `app.exe` from the command line:

```bat
app.exe --from_date YYYY-MM-DD --to_date YYYY-MM-DD --price_area NO2 -output_file output.csv
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage
To extract the pricing of all charging sessions in a given time period, use the following command:

```bash
python app.py --from_date YYYY-MM-DD --to_date YYYY-MM-DD --price_area SE2 -output_file output.csv
```
Replace `YYYY-MM-DD` with the desired date range and `output.csv` with your desired output file name.

### Command Line Arguments

- `--from_date`: (Required) Start date (inclusive) in the format `YYYY-MM-DD`.
- `--to_date`: (Required) End date (exclusive) in the format `YYYY-MM-DD`.
- `--output_file`: (Required) Path to the output CSV file.
- `--secrets_file`: (Optional) Path to the secrets file. Default is "secrets.toml".
- `--username`: (Optional) zaptec API username. Overrides secrets file.
- `--password`: (Optional) zaptec API password. Overrides secrets file.
- `--price_area`: (Optional) Price area to use for electricity cost. Default is "SE4". Can be "SE1" to "SE4".
- `--low_net_usage_fee`: (Optional) Net usage fee for night time and weekends. Default is x SEK/kWh.
- `--high_net_usage_fee`: (Optional) Net usage fee for day time. Default is y SEK/kWh.

### Pricing areas

The following pricing areas can be used for the `--price_area` argument (SE for Sweden, 1 - 4 for the different regions):

- `SE1`: Luleå
- `SE2`: Sundsvall
- `SE3`: Stockholm
- `SE4`: Malmö

### Example
```bash
python app.py --from_date 2023-09-01 --to_date 2023-10-01 --price_area NO2 --output_file output.csv
```

#### Output
The output CSV file will contain the following columns:
```csv
SessionId,Timestamp,Energy,EnergyUsageFee,NetUsageFee,EnergyCost,NetUsageCost,TotalCostNoVat,TotalCostWithVAT,CostCurrency
7bf9fd8c-769c-4503-bf74-d6c0e32f6bac,2023-09-29 23:00:00+00:00,1.4949999999998909,0.00034,0.33772049999997533,0.000508299999999963,0.33772049999997533,0.3382287999999753,0.42278599999996913,SEK
7bf9fd8c-769c-4503-bf74-d6c0e32f6bac,2023-09-30 00:00:00+00:00,2.5270000000000437,0.00011,0.5708493000000099,0.0002779700000000048,0.5708493000000099,0.5711272700000098,0.7139090875000123,SEK
# etc.
```
To find the total cost of all charging sessions in the output file, sum the `TotalCostWithVAT` column.

## Authentication

The tool supports three methods for providing the zaptec API username and password:

### Method 1: Environment Variables
Set your zaptec API credentials as environment variables. Replace `your_username` and `your_password` with your actual credentials.
```bash
export zaptec_USERNAME='your_username'
export zaptec_PASSWORD='your_password'
```

### Method 2: Secrets File
Store your zaptec API credentials in a secrets file (default is `secrets.toml`), formatted as follows:

```toml
[zaptec]
username = "your_username"
password = "your_password"
```
If your secrets file has a different name or is located in a different directory, use the `--secrets_file` argument to specify its path.

### Method 3: Command Line Arguments
Directly provide your zaptec API credentials when running the script using `--username` and `--password` arguments:

```bash
python app.py --from_date 2023-09-01 --to_date 2023-10-01 --output_file output.csv --username your_username --password your_password
```

**Note:** If credentials are provided using multiple methods, the priority order is: 
1. Command Line Arguments
2. Secrets File
3. Environment Variables
